hey there i'm jill and i'm here with ann
peacock the founder of the playful
peacock i'm really excited to share this
exclusive interview with ann one of my
great friends who's going to share with
you some of the things she's learned
over the last year of starting her
business and specifically some of the
shopify apps that have been
transformational for her business thank
you so much for joining me today anne
yeah thanks for having me
so to get started you launched your uh
toy shop on shopify in was it april of
2021 april of april of last year
got it and what motivated you to become
an e-commerce entrepreneur
well um
i'm one of those parents that during the
pandemic uh found myself in a position
where i was caring for my children
full-time at home time full-time at home
and i became obsessed with toys and play
to keep them entertained and it became
an obsession turned passion and i
thought that i would start
an online store because i spent all this
time curating products for my kids
and i had
clean a gap in the canadian market where
a lot of these products weren't
available and so i was shipping them
overseas and working with makers from
overseas and i just thought you know
what i can run this from my home and
help fill a gap in a candy market and
bring great toys to parents in canada
and across the world
and i'm so glad you do full disclosure
so and i met on tick tock and i'm
actually one of her top customers right
now i get all of my baby gifts and toys
and everything from the playful peacock
which is one of the many reasons i'm so
excited you're joining me today
so let's jump right in um you launch
your shopify store you start running for
a few months and then of course one of
the number one things any entrepreneur
but especially ecommerce entrepreneurs
have to think about is conversion rate
getting that website traffic to actually
end up in sales uh so one of the things
that i saw you implemented a couple of
months ago was live chat so can you tell
me a little bit more about how you
decided to implement it and which live
chat app you use
yeah so live chat was something um
so there's two things i was getting a
lot of customer messages in my emails
and what i was finding was that um
there wasn't really
a simple way to automate the
communication through email in a way
that i thought was like very customer
service oriented versus just like
templates going out
and i had done a free shopify training
for black friday oh one of the things
that all of the people on the panel had
said was you need to get a live chat
um and this was specifically for black
friday just because of the volume and
the customer issues that can arise
because there's so much traffic that's
expected to your site
and so i decided to take the plunge and
install a live chat um and it's been
transformational to my business i wish i
had installed it from day one
and i use the chat that i use is called
tidio
and uh one of the great things about it
is that you can automate um a lot of
buttons up front so when people do open
up the live chat option
you can help to automate certain
navigation points for them so that
they're not always coming and asking
repetitive questions
and that's also been very
transformational in terms of just
freeing up a lot of my time to customer
requirements
and air traffic control
yes exactly exactly and the other great
thing about the app is that
you know you're getting a direct
communication line to your customer
which has an e-commerce business that's
something you don't get i mean if i had
a physical store i'd be
seeing my customers in person and
creating that connection as an online
store
it's difficult to build that um personal
connection with your customers so the
live chat gives you an opportunity to
connect more with your customers but it
also shows you the roadblocks right
where they're getting stumped on your
site and so the first week that i
implemented the live chat
people were asking me the same question
they all wanted to know do i offer local
pickup really and i have a whole page
since that yeah
but people didn't know how to get to
that page it wasn't easy for them to
navigate and so
one of the buttons i stalled when you
open up the chat is a local pickup so
you can click on that and it will tell
you all about our local pickup and that
was just something where
uh it gave me so much insight into where
my customers were getting stuck and if
they couldn't find local pickup and they
didn't want to pay for shipping then
maybe they're not going to convert to a
sale right and so that completely opened
my eyes to a lot of customer issues and
how they were navigating my
website at such a great point for me as
a service provider someone comes to my
website they don't just buy the thing
they do is reach out to me and then i
have the opportunity to talk to them one
to one and try to close the sale but as
an e-commerce business you don't have
that and so it sounds like live chat
gives you the opportunity for those who
are really serious serious enough to
want to engage with you you can have
that you know one-on-one closing the
sale yeah and i have walked so many
customers over over the conversion line
like literally walking through the
entire process
um especially like grandparents like
grandparents are a huge thing one of my
customer base
and not that grandparents aren't tech
savvy but sometimes they get frustrated
with technology so i've i've walked so
many people over that conversion line
that's directly resulted in the sale so
when i say it's been transformational
for my business it really has
that's so great to hear and so you
actually got the idea you mentioned from
shopify's black friday workshop that
anyone with a shopify store can attend
right yeah yeah they have these um
like local online meetups where in the
one that i had done it was um like
toronto uh based one and it was just
online because of pandemic but it was a
bunch of shopify
successful shopify e-commerce uh
businesses and it was like a panel and
they had an agenda and a schedule and we
got to ask questions and one of the big
things were you know their favorite apps
that they like to use and so
um i'm sure they do more than just for
black friday but the black friday one
was incredible so if you're
running a shopify store i would try to
connect with that community or sign up
for those types of events because you're
getting first-hand experience from
people that live and breed shopify
especially when it comes to you know
which apps they like to use
absolutely and so as you mentioned live
chat was great advice you got directly
from shopify and you've implemented and
it's transformed your business and
really helped your conversion rate and
your customer service uh what's another
app that you use now that you couldn't
live without
so
um
probably my second favorite app is
called judge me um judge me is a
customer review app so after a certain
period of time from a sale the judge me
app will send an email to a customer
asking them for a review of the product
um what's great about it is that the
review process is very simple in the
email you you can just fill it out there
you just click a star button and you can
write a two sentence and it sends it
sends the review
um so it's very quick for the customer
which is great because really no one
likes writing reviews um
and when it sends it to me i can publish
it or i can hide it so i've
i do believe in full transparency
because someone doesn't have you know
critical feedback about i would post it
but i have had some very
odd ones that weren't factual and so
i've chosen not to put those on
um because i just didn't think they were
factual based um it also allows you to
um
request an edit so i've had some
customers where
they've had a few spelling mistakes or
they're actually referring to an
incorrect product and so i've been able
to edit
that you know just like one or two words
and send it back to them for review and
then they can approve it before we
before we post it so when you go to my
website the bottom will be all those
reviews and then when you go to the
product page those reviews will be there
as well
and it again it's just it's it's social
proof i mean it's
people look at reviews before they want
to purchase with you and that is one of
the apps that i wish i had also just
installed on day one
um
because customer feedback and customer
customer reviews just absolutely uh help
to convert for future orders
and it sounds like what's great about
judgment as well is it's verified
customers you know i think people often
worry about with having their google
business profile or their facebook page
is just any joe schmo who can come write
a review and then it's there forever and
so what's nice about this and again i'm
a customer i've received these before is
only if someone has bought a product and
they review that product and then you as
a business owner can help make sure that
that review is accurate and spelled
correctly and all that stuff before it's
published for good on your website the
verification is really important because
again it gives further credibility the
other thing that's great about the app
is that
um so say you bought five different
things for me um the app automatically
picks the most expensive product to send
a review but say that i've got like six
reviews on that and there's one product
that i really want to review on i can
actually go into the app and change
which product i'm asking the customer to
review
um
so that's really great in terms of just
getting reviews across a whole bunch of
different products
and you have that ability to tweak that
you can also send multiple reviews for
multiple customers um what i also like
is that if you've shopped in a certain
period of time the app won't send
frequent reviews for all the products
annoying that we have acquired the
customer so there's a lot of great
features and that again that's called
judgement they have an incredible um
reputation with shopify as like one of
the best uh review apps
and so i i would highly highly recommend
that
and i'll make sure to put the link to
all these down below for those who want
to check out these apps for themselves
yeah and then one more thing i know that
you and i spoken about before ann is
that especially as a small business
owner when you're starting out it can be
really hard to hold a lot of inventory
and so something now that you
implemented for the holiday season as
well um is back in stock notifications
and
pre-orders so can you tell us about how
you're using shopify apps to kind of
manage your inventory and supply and
demand
yeah so i have um so two other apps i
have are back in stock
um i'll have to send you the name of the
app but there's a back in stock uh
application that i have
um so that's basically when when a
product sells out if a customer wants to
be notified of the when we get them back
in stock they'll basically get an email
and it's nice because this one
specifically doesn't sign you up for
email marketing like customers are often
worried about doing back and stock
notifications because
if they don't want to be bombarded with
marketing emails so this one very
specifically i've tweaked to say you're
just going to get notified of the
product when it's back in stock
um and that's really great too because
you can see
the customer demand right so when
something sells out and if no one's
signing up for the back in stock you
know even though it's sold out you might
there might not be a demand for that as
as much as you thought and so i might
choose to
maybe replenish another product where i
see that there's 10 or 20 back in stock
signups so let's say maybe i'll order 30
of those and then they all just order
you know six or seven of the other one
whereas i was going to do you know 20 of
each of them so it really again it gives
you customer insight into like what is
the demand of certain products
and uh helps you manage that inventory
and then the other app that i have is um
it's called uh low scarcity
so it allows you to
um say how many products you have left
in stock
so for me
that scarcity mentality
i think directly correlates with
conversion right like i know i've been a
sector that oh my gosh there's only two
left i have to get it right
and we've all been in that situation
where
you you want this product you're like
i'll go back next week and bite you go
back next week and it's sold out and
you're just like ah right so this app
allows you to um set up for whatever
number you want so for me it's five so
when a product one of my inventory gets
down to five the low scarcity app goes
up so when you go to the product page it
will it kind of flashes and toggles and
it says yeah low stock only five left or
four left or three left or two about so
um and you can change that and tweak
that to whatever you want it to say um
but i've
again something i wish i had implemented
right from the beginning but that has
been something i've seen direct like
customers have reached out to me and
said oh i'm so glad i got the last one
or oh you know there are only two left
and i have to get both because i know a
friend that might want it right so
it's it's really helped with conversion
and what i like about all these
different apps whether it's the live
chat or the product reviews or the
pre-order it's all about trust right
they're all these little things like
there's only two and left it must be
popular or like seeing the star review
someone else has bought this that's
great or i have a question i can do it
there there are all the different ways
to help build that trust so you can take
all that great traffic that you're
attracting and get people to actually
buy and close that exactly
exactly you know traffic was never a
problem for me it was always conversion
and i think that's what's so frustrating
when you're starting out you're like you
see the traffic you're like people like
me people like me but like no one's
buying anything right and my conversion
rate i think was like point
zero seven or so i mean it was just
awful and now i'm
i think 1.5 which for not even a year in
business is
you know really impressive it's pretty
good right yeah and you know being
understanding customer behavior and
understanding
you know that
again social proof scarcity mentality um
the back in stock and just the live chat
like building connection building trust
and
allowing that buying experience for your
customer to be just seamless across
everything right so um those apps that
shopify offer are just there's so many
great choices and there's so many that i
think if you're thinking about opening a
store put them in from day one like
don't wait six months just
have reviews from day one have live chat
from day one right start building that
connection interest and your conversions
will happen
and something else that's so instructive
as well from your example is just that
your shopify store doesn't have to be
static
you can launch and then you can keep
adding ads taking away apps adding more
and more and more and you know it's like
like lego putting your own kind of
experience together and so it's cool to
see how you've taken all these different
opportunities to just really improve
conversion rate by stacking all these
different apps on top of each other yeah
and you know it's it's a constant
evolution and again like i'd love to
redo my website
you know a million ways over but
you know i'd rather invest that money
and other things at the moment right but
the apps
that transform your business like that
and you know for some of them i think
they're you know maybe 10 bucks a month
like that's a good investment right so i
have a template a shopify template that
my website's built off of
um it's nothing fancy it's easy to
navigate and for me product you know
like it showcases product well and then
these apps have just been oh sorry i
realized my screen was
um these apps
i know my life however um
the apps have just been transformational
yeah that's great so it sounds like you
know if you had one piece of advice for
someone who's planning to start an
e-commerce business in 2022 well first
of all you seem a very happy shopify
store owner but secondly to really
experiment with those that are going to
support conversion rate yes yes exactly
and again there's a lot of choices and
so i think when you're looking shopping
for apps as well again look at the
customer views a lot of them offer free
trials which is great so like i've done
i've done i've added lots of other apps
that just haven't worked for my business
and so most of them offer a free trial
um
so it's great because you can try before
you buy and make that investment in your
business
which we always like to be able to do as
consumers yeah
[Laughter]
great well and thank you so much for
joining me today and for sharing your
expertise with all the viewers of this
video and my newsletter subscribers who
are going to get access to this
interview first i really appreciate it
and i know they do too thank you nice
nice chatting with you